Gem in the Oltrarno The Palazzo Magnani made our 6-day stay in Florence magical. We always try to find unique boutique hotels and we struck gold in Florence. The hotel is exactly as described --- a charming, antique-filled 250-year old palazzo. 	 The staff was excellent --- always friendly, helpful and low-key. The hotel's location in the Oltrarno was fantastic. There are at least a dozen excellent restaurants within a 5-minute walk of the hotel.
Old San Juan can be very exciting (read: loud) on weekends, but our guest room on the third floor was whisper quiet. The accommodations aren't lavish, and they're not especially stylish either. But it's a good place to get a good night's rest. 	 It did have a pull-out sofa, mini-fridge and wet bar. The lighting was a bit strange, reminiscent of the places American Apparel ads seem to be shot. It's an easy walk to all of the Old San Juan attractions, including the forts and the cruise ships.
They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well. Also, the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. I might also add that our room at queen beds. 	 The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers, etc. It looks like a scene out of Europe. I would highly recommend the hotel.
Had junior suite on 5th floor. Great decoration. Incredibly comfortable bed. 	 Loved the sloping ceiling and Velux windows. Bathroom looked cool but not everything worked as it should - tap on the basin was a little temperamental. But that was only a slight hiccough.
Our room was just like we remember, very neat, clean and functional. The grounds are immaculately kept, with workers constantly striving to make it even more beautiful. The main restaurant is constantly filled with almost anything you would desire, with a different theme every night. 	 He was always polite, cheerful, funny and always ready to tell a story about his country and way of life. We recommend the Italian Al la Carte, just to get away from the buffet and be further pampered. The menu was a little challenging, however, the outcome was divine.
Staff are very helpful. We had booked two rooms, one suite with terrace (no canal view) and one double room with balcony. They were both excellent. 	 The bathrooms in both rooms were fabulous. The hotel was placed beside a water bus stop and easy access to Rialto bridge and St Marks Square. A wonderful end to our holiday.
Great location. A little bit further from our meeting than I expected. The front staff was friendly and helpful. 	 There is only a main heating/cooling unit. The only solution they offered for our hot room was a small fan. We saw other fans in the hallway, which indicated that other guests had the same problem.
Good Location if traveling for business or you have a car! Got this hotel thru a discount travel company and paid $65.00 american a night. Excellent deal at this price. 	 Unfortunetly the view is going to be partly blocked with yet another 'Glass tower' going in. The room was spacious and clean. No tub in our room.
My husband, kids ages 20 and 16. The beach was excellent! The waves were big and rough the first couple of days due to an unusual weather pattern, but kids loved it! 	 The food was good. I am a vegetarian and could always find something to eat. The one thing we found lacking was the desserts.
My intentions were to expect the worst which made my stay there that much better than everyone elses. If everyone thought they were staying at the Hyatt, no wonder they thought so negatively about the place. I am in my late twenties and wanted a place where I could walk to local bars, restaurants, etc. 	 This was the perfect place for me. As far as the accommodations, the beds were small (but so was everywhere else in Europe) and the showers were unusual. Otherwise it was worth the money for a prime time location in the heart of the night life area.
Stayed for 7 nights in a 'Premiere' type room. Room was very nice - decor is very plush. Free minibar, whilst not extensive, is a nice plus. 	 The location is fantastic, it's just off Orchard Road and is very close to the Orchard MRT station. Had breakfast every morning in the restaurant in the lobby, very nice. It's a buffet with a mix of Western and Asian foods.
Second, we found no more noise at the hotel than any other big city establishment. We were on the 11th floor and the construction was much higher and was not objectionable. Third, the location was perfect for us as we could walk to all the sights and restaurants. 	 Stephanie got us reservations at two marvelous spots. The Hancock Tower, where we enjoyed late night drinks, is also about a 3 block walk. The ONLY negative is you have to call room service to get ice.
The reception was nice. Our room was on the patio side, I would suggest the street side to have more sun. The room was not huge but enough for 3 days. 	 The breakfast was served on the roof terrace, where the view is great. It's nice to start the day with light and sun. I was expecting more choices for the breakfast, but what was presented was ok.
I have spent upwards of 200 nights per yr on the road, and Sales Manager Pam Bullock, did not disappoint! From the front desk staff, to the cleaning crew... all were hospitable, and courteous! The hotel was a little removed, from town but quiet, yet convenient to downtown Indy. 	 My previous stays include the Omni, and Springhill Suites downtown... The Baymont Inn & Suites Indianapolis is the best value I have found! Thanks to you, and your wonderful staff Pam!!
